Add mixed server pre-req (#1293)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_system-requirements.adoc

* A system umask of 0022
* Full forward and reverse DNS resolution using a fully-qualified domain name

ifdef::satellite[]

> * All {ProjectName} servers must be on the same version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All {ProjectServer}s must be on the same version.
```

* A system umask of 0022
* Full forward and reverse DNS resolution using a fully-qualified domain name

<<<<<<< HEAD
{ProjectServer} and {SmartProxyServer} do not support shortnames in the hostnames.
When using custom certificates, the Common Name (CN) of the custom certificate must be a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) instead of a shortname.
This does not apply to the clients of a {Project}.

> =======

Reviewer: same as above.
